Moving accessReviewHistoryDefinition to v1.0 (#15653)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/resources/accessreviewhistorydefinition.md

|displayName|String|Name for the access review history data collection. Required.|
|id|String|The assigned unique identifier of an access review history definition.|
|reviewHistoryPeriodEndDateTime|DateTimeOffset| A timestamp. Reviews ending on or before this date will be included in the fetched history data. Only required if **scheduleSettings** is not defined. |
|reviewHistoryPeriodStartDateTime|DateTimeOffset|A timestamp. Reviews starting on or before this date will be included in the fetched history data. Only required if **scheduleSettings** is not defined.|
| scheduleSettings  |[accessReviewHistoryScheduleSettings](accessReviewHistoryScheduleSettings.md)| The settings for a recurring access review history definition series. Only required if **reviewHistoryPeriodStartDateTime** or **reviewHistoryPeriodEndDateTime** are not defined.|
|scopes|[accessReviewScope](accessreviewscope.md) collection|Used to scope what reviews are included in the fetched history data. Fetches reviews whose scope matches with this provided scope. Required.|

> |status|String collection|Represents the status of the review history data collection. The possible values are: `done`, `inProgress`, `error`, `requested`, `unknownFutureValue`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|status| [accessReviewHistoryStatus](accessreviewhistorystatus.md) |Represents the status of the review history data collection. The possible values are: `done`, `inProgress`, `error`, `requested`, `unknownFutureValue`.|
```
